Update formal verification information on the testing smart contracts page (#7270)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/index.md

Bug bounty programs often attract a broad class of ethical hackers and independent security professionals with unique skills and experience. This may be an advantage over smart contract audits that mainly rely on teams who may possess limited or narrow expertise.

## Testing vs. formal verification {#testing-vs-formal-verification}

> While testing is useful for confirming that a contract returns the expected results for some data inputs, it cannot conclusively prove the same for inputs not used during tests. Testing a smart contract cannot guarantee "functional correctness", meaning it cannot show that a program behaves as required for *all* sets of input values and conditions. 

Reviewer: Small tweak but LGTM :-)

```suggestion
While testing helps confirm that a contract returns the expected results for some data inputs, it cannot conclusively prove the same for inputs not used during tests. Testing a smart contract cannot guarantee "functional correctness", meaning it cannot show that a program behaves as required for *all* sets of input values and conditions.  
```

While testing is useful for confirming that a contract returns the expected results for some data inputs, it cannot conclusively prove the same for inputs not used during tests. Testing a smart contract cannot guarantee "functional correctness", meaning it cannot show that a program behaves as required for *all* sets of input values and conditions. 

As such, developers are encouraged to incorporate **formal verification** into their approach for assessing the correctness of smart contracts. Formal verification uses [formal methods](https://www.brookings.edu/techstream/formal-methods-as-a-path-toward-better-cybersecurity/)—mathematically rigorous techniques for specifying and verifying software.

Formal verification is considered important for smart contracts because it helps developers formally test assumptions relating to smart contracts. This is done by creating formal specifications that describe a smart contract's properties and verifying that a formal model of the smart contract matches the specification. This approach increases confidence that a smart contract will only execute functions as defined in its business logic and nothing else.

> [More on formal verification for smart contracts](https://ethereumorgwebsitedev01-emmanuelawosikaethereumor06662.gtsb.io/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/formal-verification). 

Reviewer: Let's add this back as part of #6394.
```suggestion
```
